I have no idea why sometimes I dont feel to continue. it feels like their someone inside me talks me out of it.
And the self is like a child, you simply you can't say no to it. And once you give up, it makes you feel guilty?

I dont wanna work for somebody, I wanna create my own company,, I just fucking hate working for someone else.
I hate managers, and i dont mean their person, they have no option and good for them to be managers
but life is too short to work for someone else. Im free, I cant work for someone else.

Also, there's many ways to make money, i will be in sf, and I will figure the things out, I have no idea how but I will.


I think it is nice to use the note.txt to write what's inside you 
Even now, you are trying to impress people, do not do that please 


wow, we are so lucky to be alive in this time, Im asking a wall to generate 
or help me be more creative and focus on the things that im interested in.
I love this time, I love the technology 


I haven't started to building the service but I'm planning to start building the service in public
so I think I need to learn how to brand the service and it is better to start from the beginning. 

Now I'm learning but I think I don't need to know everything.
Fuck the tutorial hell. we live in an era where things is written for you already.


sometime we want what others have envying them like they live the best life 
we want their life, we want what we see. We like shinny object ... what a tardy. 
The problem is that even if we look at the same thing, we see different thing 


it is so strange what we do to satisfy those who watches us.

It is gonna be longer or not longer but harder but im going to take a joy in learning. Or at least this is how 
I think. and If I truly building my thing, and it is mine like really mine that Im gonna have fun building the service.
And now I just get paranoid by people. Human beings are just pathetic creature. yes, we are because I just felt that the world is evolving around
me. I felt like everyone is watching me or i want the other to watch me. this is BS.



Why is it hard to remember things?
Because you dont understand them


Sometimes, we got stuck in the corruption of the society and we can't simply get out of it. Familiarity <wrong spelling  but you got the idea>
It is kinda hard not to focus on what is around you, esp if the things around is what you want. 
If you are no one then be no one and be busy with what you want 


